Adjust add to section and link for 2025.12 (#42002)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2025-12-03-release-202512.markdown

- Add [widgets](https://companion.home-assistant.io/docs/integrations/android-widgets) for quick control of entities right from your home screen
- Set entities as Android Auto favorites, making them quickly accessible in your car

> No more deep-diving into app settings! The **Add to** option appears in the more information dialog with actions tailored to the entity type. For example, adding a media player widget is only available for media players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No more deep-diving into app settings! The **Add to** option appears in the more information dialog with actions tailored to the entity you are viewing. For example, adding a media player widget is only available for media players.
```
